# Data-visualizatiion-with-python
In this module, you learn about area plots and how to create them with Matplotlib, histograms and how to create them with Matplotlib, bar charts, and how to create them with Matplotlib, pie charts, and how to create them with Matplotlib, box plots and how to create them with Matplotlib, and scatter plots and bubble plots .
In this module, you will learn about advanced visualization tools such as waffle charts and word clouds and how to create them. You will also learn about seaborn, which is another visualization library, and how to use it to generate attractive regression plots. In addition, you will learn about Folium, which is another visualization library, designed especially for visualizing geospatial data. Finally, you will learn how to use Folium to create maps of different regions of the world and how to superimpose markers on top of a map, and how to create choropleth maps.
In this module you will get started with dashboard creation using the Plotly library. You will create a dashboard with a theme `US Domestic Airline Flights Performance`. You will do this using a US airline reporting carrier on-time performance dataset, Plotly, and Dash concepts learned throughout the course. Hands-on labs will follow each concept to make you comfortable with using the library. Reading lists will reference additional resources to learn more about the concepts covered. 
In this module you will get started with dashboard creation using the Plotly library. You will create a dashboard with a theme `US Domestic Airline Flights Performance`. You will do this using a US airline reporting carrier on-time performance dataset, Plotly, and Dash concepts learned throughout the course. Hands-on labs will follow each concept to make you comfortable with using the library. Reading lists will reference additional resources to learn more about the concepts covered. 
